docs: How to use telemetry span code (#3854)
aws/aws-toolkit-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Telemetry

> [Click here for telemetry documentation.](./docs/telemetry.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [docs/telemetry.md](./docs/telemetry.md) for notes on emitting telemetry in this project.
```
